DOCSP-49158-IS-content-migration-4 (#167)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/industry-solutions.txt

==================
Industry Solutions
==================

:ref:`arch-center-is-ai-media-personalization`

>   Learn about how to leverage data to create personalized user
>   experiences by using Atlas Database, Atlas Vector Search, and Pymongo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Discover how to leverage MongoDB and Vector Search effectively to create 
  more engaging, personalized user experiences.
```
I think we should stick to the article subtitle word-for-word, since we're avoiding copy changes this time around.
